Mr. Ji
What's up?
Why did I stop following up on the Warning Bay project?
Company decision
I don't believe it.
Is it because I want to work with Sun Jian?
That's why I quit
I'm not interested in who you work with
I'm not going to be jealous of it.
Why did you suddenly become like this? Why?
This world
You have to pay for everything you do.
The white wolf with empty gloves can do such a thing
Do you want to join such a big project as Yujingwan?
Have you figured out what price to pay?
pay the price
What do you mean?
I don't understand.
Stop acting, I'm busy
Don't come to me if there's nothing else
Got it.
And so forth.
What is this?
This is my birthday present to you.
only
This is the name of the perfume.
You want to tell me this way?
Gu Xiuyuan is your only one
It turns out that you still love Gu Xiuyuan